Installation guide and README reorganization. (#11)
intel/owca: docs/development.rst

##################################################################################
This software is pre-production and should not be deployed to production servers.
##################################################################################

.. contents:: Table of Contents

===========================
Development guide
===========================

Please follow rules from `contributing guide <contributing.rst>`.

Preparing developer environment
-------------------------------

#. Install `epel-release` repository:: 

   yum install epel-release

Note: that on production system, you should use Python 3.6 from `Software Collections` as describe `here <install.rst>`.

#. Install Python 3.6::

   yum install python3.6

Getting source code and preparing python virtualenv
---------------------------------------------------

OWCA uses `pipenv <https://pipenv.readthedocs.io/en/latest/>`_ to create python virtualenv with all tools required to running, validation and building.

#. Install pipenv in user mode:

.. code:: shell

    pip install --user pipenv

> In case of any troubles check `pragmatic installation of pipenv.`_

Author: fixed

.. _`pragmatic installation of pipenv.`: https://docs.pipenv.org/install/#pragmatic-installation-of-pipenv

> Then prepare virtual environment for OWCA project:

Author: fixed

.. code-block:: shell

   pipenv install --dev

> Switch to using newly created virtualenv:

Author: dropped the numbered list

.. code-block:: shell

   pipenv shell

Tip, you can use virtualenv created by pipenv in your favorite IDE. Use `
pipenv --where` to find location of python virutalenv and interpreter.

Running unit tests
------------------

Those command should be run from `virtual enviornment` created by pipenv:

.. code-block:: shell

    tox -e unit

> Alternatively you can run tests manually (without tox):

Author: Probably they don't - remember tox is a build tox for implementing gates - and adding PYTHONPATH=. is not so common, IMO is should stays as is - you will need this is you want to debug using PYCHARM. If you insist I will remove it, but remember it is guide for development - IMO it is ok, to have some tricks here to easy development)

.. code-block:: shell

   PYTHONPATH=. pytest tests

> You can use tox to check code style, or build packages:

Author: You're right I created additional chapter "Code style check and building PEX files"

.. code-block:: shell

   tox -e flake8
   tox -e owca_package
   tox -e wrapper_package

Running locally (for development purposes)
------------------------------------------

You can run without building a distribution like this: 

.. code-block:: shell
    
    # from owca repository (as root, without need to create owca user and group)
    sudo env PYTHONPATH=. `which python3.6` owca/main.py -c configs/mesos_example.yaml --root

Fast distrubution rebuild
=========================

> When rebuilding you can reuse existing PEX build cache, to speedup building process.

Author: fixed

.. code-block:: shell

>     PEX_OPTIONS='--no-index --cache-ttl=6000000' tox -e owca_package

Author: fixed

=================
Development guide
=================

**This software is pre-production and should not be deployed to production servers.**

.. contents:: Table of Contents

Please follow rules from `contributing guide <contributing.rst>`.

Preparing developer environment
-------------------------------

1. Install `epel-release` repository:

.. code-block:: shell

    yum install epel-release

Note: that on production system, you should use Python 3.6 as describe `here <install.rst>`.

2. Install Python 3.6:

.. code-block:: shell

    yum install python36

Getting source code and preparing python virtualenv
---------------------------------------------------

OWCA uses `pipenv <https://pipenv.readthedocs.io/en/latest/>`_ to create python virtualenv with all tools required to run, validate and build the project.

1. Install pip using 3.6 Python interpreter (available in ``epel`` release and "Software Collections" python collections:

.. code-block:: shell

    python -m ensurepip

2. Install pipenv in user mode:

.. code-block:: shell

    pip install --user pipenv

See `pragmatic installation of pipenv`_ for more details on installing pipenv.

> .. _`pragmatic installation of pipenv.`: https://docs.pipenv.org/install/#pragmatic-installation-of-pipenv

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. _`pragmatic installation of pipenv`: https://docs.pipenv.org/install/#pragmatic-installation-of-pipenv
```
It should fix formatting:
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/939646/49116208-c0758480-f251-11e8-88de-48b805566566.png)

3. Clone OWCA repository:

.. code-block:: shell

    git clone https://github.com/intel/owca

> 4. Further commands should be from owca top-level project folder:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. Further commands should be run from owca root directory:
```
